Added Workbook change log (#531)
microsoft/finops-toolkit: docs/changelog.md

> 1. New-FinOpsCostExport
> 2. Remove-FinOpsHubScope

📒 Cost Optimization Workbook

> ➕ Added:

> >📊 Storage Tab:
> > Identify Idle Backups: Review protected items' backup activity to spot items not backed up in the last 90 days.
> > Review Replication Settings: Evaluate and improve your backup strategy by identifying resources with default geo-redundant storage (GRS) replication.
> >
> > 🌐 Networking Tab:
> > Azure Firewall Premium Features: Identify Azure Firewalls with Premium SKU and ensure associated policies leverage premium-only features.
> > Firewall Optimization: Streamline Azure Firewall usage by centralizing instances in the hub virtual network or Virtual WAN secure hub.
> > 📈 Top 10 Services:
> > Improved Monitoring Tabs: Enhance your monitoring experience with updated Azure Advisor recommendations for Log Analytics.
> >
> > 🛠️ Fixed:
> >🔄 Fixed AHB Tab: Fixed AHB to support Windows 10/Windows 11
> > 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>
> 1. Storage: Identify Idle Backups: Review protected items' backup activity to spot items not backed up in the last 90 days.
> 2. Storage: Review Replication Settings: Evaluate and improve your backup strategy by identifying resources with default geo-redundant storage (GRS) replication.
> 3. Networking: Azure Firewall Premium Features: Identify Azure Firewalls with Premium SKU and ensure associated policies leverage premium-only features.
> 4. Networking: Firewall Optimization: Streamline Azure Firewall usage by centralizing instances in the hub virtual network or Virtual WAN secure hub.
> 5. Top 10 services: Improved Monitoring Tabs: Enhance your monitoring experience with updated Azure Advisor recommendations for Log Analytics.
>
> 🛠️ Fixed:
>
> 1. AHB: Fixed AHB to support Windows 10/Windows 11
```
